DOCS: add OpenAI-compatible http and python api reference (#5374)
infiniflow/ragflow: docs/references/http_api_reference.md

---

## OpenAI-Compatible API

---

### Create chat completion

**POST** `/api/v1/chats_openai/{chat_id}/chat/completions`

> Createsa a model response for the given chat conversation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a model response for a given chat conversation.
```

This API follows the same request and response format as OpenAI's API. It allows you to interact with the model in a manner similar to how you would with [OpenAI's API](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/chat/create).

#### Request

- Method: POST
- URL: `/api/v1/chats_openai/{chat_id}/chat/completions`
- Headers:
  - `'content-Type: application/json'`
  - `'Authorization: Bearer <YOUR_API_KEY>'`
- Body:
  - `"model"`: `string`
  - `"messages"`: `object list`
  - `"stream"`: `boolean`

##### Request example

```bash
curl --request POST \
     --url http://{address}/api/v1/chats_openai/{chat_id}/chat/completions \
     --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
     --header 'Authorization: Bearer <YOUR_API_KEY>' \
     --data '{
        "model": "model",
        "messages": [{"role": "user", "content": "Say this is a test!"}],
        "stream": true
      }'
```

##### Request Parameters

- `model` (*Body parameter*) `string`, *Required*

>   The model used to generate the response. The server will parse this automatically, so you can leave it as any for now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The model used to generate the response. The server will parse this automatically, so you can set it to any value for now.
```

- `messages` (*Body parameter*) `list[object]`, *Required*

>   A list of historical chat messages to generate the response. This must contain at least one message with the `user` role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A list of historical chat messages used to generate the response. This must contain at least one message with the `user` role.
```
